feat: adding explainer guide for open source devs (#81)
OpenContributionsProject/opencontributionssite: src/pages/open-source-for-devs.md

Hey there, developer!

If you’ve heard about open source but are unsure what it is or where to start, you’ve come to the right place. We’ll explain what open source means, the value of open source, and how it works.

_Note: Open source is not just for developers. We welcome everyone to get involved! That’s why we’re creating explainers for folks from different professional backgrounds. Help us explain the value of open source to non-developers, companies, finance departments, project managers, and technical leaders._

##What is Open Source?

> Let’s talk about what open source means. Originally [coined by Christine Peterson](https://opensource.com/article/18/2/coining-term-open-source-software), the term open source describes software that anyone can share or modify because the source code, or the code used to create the software, is publicly accessible. The opposite of such software is proprietary or “closed source” software. The code for this type of software is only legally accessible by the organization or individual who owns it.

Reviewer: [proofreading]: Hi @blackgirlbytes! I made some suggestions on how to make the definition more concise:
1. I think it'd be helpful to just start explaining the definition instead of announcing it because the title already implies that this section is defining open source.
2. Consider making the part where you compared open source to closed source software a bit shorter so that company leaders can make those distinctions quickly.

Other than, you're off to a great start! :)  
```suggestion
Originally [coined by Christine Peterson](https://opensource.com/article/18/2/coining-term-open-source-software), the term, open source describes software containing code that anyone can share or modify.  Unlike software that has proprietary code, aka, “closed source”, the code used to create open source software is publicly accessible. Also, it is legally owned by the organization or individual who originally created the software.
```

### Improving company brand

Companies like Google, Facebook, and Goldman Sachs are heavily involved in open source. Many companies recognize that open sourcing a project improves the organization's reputation through:

- **Marketing** - Users who love the product will feel more compelled and excited to help make the product better. Contributing can fuel users’ passion even more, and they may start encouraging those in their network to use or contribute to our project. Some contributors may even talk about the project at conferences, on Twitch live streams, in blog posts, and in YouTube tutorials. That's free marketing to help the organization acquire customers and developers!
- **Hiring** - Developers admire companies that are transparent about their technological growth and processes. By documenting the company’s journey and as contributors increase awareness of the product, businesses can increase their chances of attracting highly-skilled, community-driven, empathetic developers.

> - **Longevity** - With increased collaboration, an organization can gain access to developers with varied technological experiences. They can help keep the project up to date with the latest technological tools, and contributors can help add integrations faster. For example, before the rise of container orchestration, both Spotify and Google developed their own systems called Helios and Kubernetes. Google chose to open source Kubernetes, while Spotify kept Helios as an internal project. Unfortunately, Spotify didn't have enough capacity to continue the project internally. Over the past seven years, Kubernetes has been a top choice for container orchestration; even Spotify migrated its containerization to Kubernetes.

Reviewer: Maybe you can put the reasons underneath the paragraph in line 16 to make the section more organized?

### Improving personal brand

### Improving code quality

## How Projects are maintained

> ## What’s in it for you

Reviewer: How about you can a brief paragraph and then link the other open source explainer guides for devs here in bullet points? This way company leaders can easily access them.
